## What is Linux?
Linux is an open source operating system. In Linux, the user has access to the source code of the kernel and alter the code according to his need
## What is a Linux Distribution?
A Linux distribution (often abbreviated as distribution) is an operating system built from a collection of software based on the Linux kernel and often on a package management system. The software is generally suitable for distribution and then packaged by distribution managers in software packages.
## The History of GNU/Linux
The name "GNU" is a recursive acronym for "GNU's Not Unix". "GNU" is pronounced g'noo, like a syllable, like saying "grew up" but replacing the r by n. The Free Software Foundation was founded in October 1985, initially to raise funds to help the development of GNU. By 1990, we had already found or written all the major components except one: the kernel. Then Linux, a Unix-like kernel, was developed by Linus Torvalds in 1991 and became free software in 1992.
## Open Source Vs Closed Source Vs Free Software
Open source software (OSS) refers to software that uses code that is freely available on the Internet. The code can be copied, modified, or deleted by other users and organizations. Because the software is open to the public, the result is that it is constantly updated, improved, and developed as more people can work on improving it.
Closed Source Code (CSS) software is the opposite of OSS and means software that uses proprietary and strictly protected code. Only the original authors of the software may access, copy and modify this software. In the case of closed source software, you don't buy the software, you only pay to use it.
Anyone is allowed to use, copy, study, and modify the software in any way, and the source code is openly shared to encourage people to voluntarily improve the design of the software.
##  What is Ubuntu?
Ubuntu is a complete Linux operating system, freely available with both community and professional support. Ubuntu is suitable for both desktop and server use. The current Ubuntu release supports Intel x86 (IBM-compatible PC), AMD64 (x86-64), ARMv7, ARMv8 (ARM64), IBM POWER8/POWER9 (ppc64el), IBM Z zEC12/zEC13/z14 and IBM LinuxONE Rockhopper I+II/Emporer I+II (s390x). Ubuntu includes thousands of pieces of software, starting with the Linux kernel version 5.4 and GNOME 3.28, and covering every standard desktop application from word processing and spreadsheet applications to internet access applications, web server software, email software, programming languages and tools and of course several games.